doc update for typescript props config (#1514)
styleguidist/react-styleguidist: docs/Thirdparties.md

Please see our [examples](https://github.com/styleguidist/react-styleguidist/tree/master/examples) and refer to [react-docgen](https://github.com/reactjs/react-docgen) documentation for more information about what types of syntax are supported.

> But if components are written with typescript and extending other components (which are also written using typescript), You may use `react-docgen-typescript` module for fetching extended component prop definitions automatically. Follow the steps to configure same.

Author: context was set before. Example of how it doesn't work probably unnecessary.

> But if components are written with typescript and extending other components (which are also written using typescript), You may use `react-docgen-typescript` module for fetching extended component prop definitions automatically. Follow the steps to configure same.

Reviewer: It is very much "related". I still don't understand what's the problem exactly, and, looking at the comments, you probably don't understand either. We can't expect users to understand it.

> But if components are written with typescript and extending other components (which are also written using typescript), You may use `react-docgen-typescript` module for fetching extended component prop definitions automatically. Follow the steps to configure same.

Author: Have done the changes. Sorry for resolve bit late.

> But if components are written with typescript and extending other components (which are also written using typescript), You may use `react-docgen-typescript` module for fetching extended component prop definitions automatically. Follow the steps to configure same.

Reviewer: Thanks, but it still doesn't answer my question: what exactly isn't working — importing any component or specifically from `node_modules`. From what you've said before I understood it's the former, but from the text it looks like the latter.

> But if components are written with typescript and extending other components (which are also written using typescript), You may use `react-docgen-typescript` module for fetching extended component prop definitions automatically. Follow the steps to configure same.

Author: actually issue seems to be from both any component and node_modules. React doc gen doesn't support. But with `react-docgen-typescript`, both will work.

> But if components are written with typescript and extending other components (which are also written using typescript), You may use `react-docgen-typescript` module for fetching extended component prop definitions automatically. Follow the steps to configure same.

Reviewer: So something like this also won't work?

```javascript
import Button from './AnotherButton'
export default Button
```

> But if components are written with typescript and extending other components (which are also written using typescript), You may use `react-docgen-typescript` module for fetching extended component prop definitions automatically. Follow the steps to configure same.

Author: My bad. I was initially discussing with what I am aware of. So I sent sometime around this. So here is a detailed info.

First it's surely **not working with extended third party components**.

Example: Please check https://github.com/styleguidist/react-styleguidist/issues/1508#issue-544978200

Second, components which are extended from internal ones are working fine.

Example: https://github.com/styleguidist/react-styleguidist/tree/11/examples/styled-components/src/components/Heading

**But** I was checking wrong example which didn't work.

Example: https://github.com/styleguidist/react-styleguidist/tree/11/examples/styled-components/src/components/Button

This one didn't work most probably coz it is using style component declaration which is not a standard React component creating pattern. 

Now checked above directly using `react-docgen-typescript` as well. Apart from displaying the 3 declared props, it also displayed props of styled component which is again 3rd party component.

There is lot of wiring and ifs/buts around this. But what I can summarize from this, is to inform user that **for fetching props of third party components only, we should recommend users to use `react-docgen-typescript`.** 

Let know your thoughts around this.

> But if components are written with typescript and extending other components (which are also written using typescript), You may use `react-docgen-typescript` module for fetching extended component prop definitions automatically. Follow the steps to configure same.

Reviewer: > First it's surely not working with extended third party components.

That's clear now, but let's not call then "third-party", since it might be ambiguous. "Components rexeported from node_modules" would be more precise.

> Second, components which are extended from internal ones are working fine.
> Example: https://github.com/styleguidist/react-styleguidist/tree/11/examples/styled-components/src/components/Heading

This component doesn't extend another component.

> Now checked above directly using react-docgen-typescript as well. Apart from displaying the 3 declared props, it also displayed props of styled component which is again 3rd party component.

There's a way to filter props in react-docgen-typescript: 

https://github.com/tamiadev/tamia/blob/038390016cbe62480dc385c1656c6f5b4e1fe53f/styleguide.config.js#L10-L18

> But if components are written with typescript and extending other components (which are also written using typescript), You may use `react-docgen-typescript` module for fetching extended component prop definitions automatically. Follow the steps to configure same.

Author: >This component doesn't extend another component.

`index.ts` of [Heading Component](https://github.com/styleguidist/react-styleguidist/tree/11/examples/styled-components/src/components/Heading) is importing component from `Heading.tsx`. So something like below will also work.

```js
import Button from './AnotherButton'
export default Button
```

Have done the changes as suggested by you.

> But if components are written with typescript and extending third party library components (which are also written using typescript), You may use `react-docgen-typescript` module for fetching third party component prop definitions. Follow the steps to configure same.

Reviewer: Does third-party mean they are imported from another file or specifically installed from npm?

Author: it mainly with `components installed from npm`.

Author: *Update* just checked. it's actually both.

Reviewer: Then I'd make it more explicit — “third-party components” can mean different things, and here just the fact of importing from another file is important.

Author: yea...should I mention "props of extended components"

Author: How about this?

```
But if components are written with typescript and extending another component (which is also written using typescript), You may use `react-docgen-typescript` module for fetching third party component prop definitions. Follow the steps to configure same.
```

Author: done

Please see our [examples](https://github.com/styleguidist/react-styleguidist/tree/master/examples) and refer to [react-docgen](https://github.com/reactjs/react-docgen) documentation for more information about what types of syntax are supported.

> But while writing components using typescript and re-exporting a component from node_modules, You can still be able to fetch prop definitions of the parent component using `react-docgen-typescript`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Styleguidist supports TypeScript out of the box, thanks to `react-docgen`, this support is limited. Consider this example:```

```javascript
import Button from 'antd/es/button'

export default Button
```

> In the above example, we were trying to extend a component which is from node_modules. Now if we want prop definitions of the parent component, `react-docgen` won't be able to fetch them. For same you can setup `react-docgen-typescript` with `styleguidist` by following below steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we’re reexporting a third-party component from `node_modules`. Styleguidist won’t be able to render prop types of this component, unless we’re using `react-docgen-typescript`:
```

Author: Yep. Suggestions totally right. Updated with suggestions.
